README.md, before:

# rokuyon
An experimental N64 emulator

### Overview
My main goal with rokuyon is to learn about the Nintendo 64 hardware so I can write homebrew like [sodium64](https://github.com/Hydr8gon/sodium64). If it ends up being more than that... I wouldn't mind making a modern, accurate N64 emulator with built-in software/hardware rendering and no messy plugins.

### Downloads
rokuyon is available for Linux, macOS, Windows, and Switch. Automatic builds are provided via GitHub Actions; you can download them on the [releases page](https://github.com/Hydr8gon/rokuyon/releases).

### Usage
Although still in early stages, rokuyon should be plug-and-play with any NTSC ROMs in big-endian format. Performance will be bad and there will be plenty of issues. At this stage, rokuyon should be considered a curiosity and not a dedicated emulator for playing games.

### References
* [n64dev](https://github.com/mikeryan/n64dev) - A collection of useful materials for initial research
* [N64brew Wiki](https://n64brew.dev/wiki/Main_Page) - Extensive and organized documentation of the whole system
* [libdragon](https://github.com/DragonMinded/libdragon) - An open-source N64 SDK with good examples of using the hardware
* [RSP Vector Instructions](https://emudev.org/2020/03/28/RSP.html) - Detailed information on how vector opcodes work
* [RCP Documentation](https://dragonminded.com/n64dev/Reality%20Coprocessor.pdf) - Nice reference for a subset of RDP functionality
* [RDP Triangle Command Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ddEo61V0suXbSkKP5mY97QxgUnB-QfAjuBIsPiLWko) - Covers everything related to RDP triangles
* [N64 bilinear filter (3-point)](https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Ws2fWV) - Reference implementation of the N64's texture filter
* [dgb-n64](https://github.com/Dillonb/n64) - Provides details of the FLASH interface, since it isn't documented
* Hardware tests - I'll probably be testing things myself as I go along

### Other Links
* [Hydra's Lair](https://hydr8gon.github.io) - Blog where I may or may not write about things
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/JbNz7y4) - Place to chat about my projects and stuff

Commit message:

Specify the new pull request policy

README.md, after:

# rokuyon
An experimental N64 emulator

### Overview
My main goal with rokuyon is to learn about the Nintendo 64 hardware so I can write homebrew like [sodium64](https://github.com/Hydr8gon/sodium64). If it ends up being more than that... I wouldn't mind making a modern, accurate N64 emulator with built-in software/hardware rendering and no messy plugins.

### Downloads
rokuyon is available for Linux, macOS, Windows, and Switch. Automatic builds are provided via GitHub Actions; you can download them on the [releases page](https://github.com/Hydr8gon/rokuyon/releases).

### Usage
Although still in early stages, rokuyon should be plug-and-play with any NTSC ROMs in big-endian format. Performance will be bad and there will be plenty of issues. At this stage, rokuyon should be considered a curiosity and not a dedicated emulator for playing games.

### Contributing
While I appreciate anyone who wants to contribute, my goal with this project is to challenge myself and not to review code. I feel guilty rejecting a change that someone spent time on, but I also don't feel great accepting changes that I didn't ask for. For this reason, I've decided to stop accepting pull requests. You're of course still free to do anything with the code that's allowed by the license, but if you submit a pull request it will likely be ignored. I hope this is understandable!

### References
* [n64dev](https://github.com/mikeryan/n64dev) - A collection of useful materials for initial research
* [N64brew Wiki](https://n64brew.dev/wiki/Main_Page) - Extensive and organized documentation of the whole system
* [libdragon](https://github.com/DragonMinded/libdragon) - An open-source N64 SDK with good examples of using the hardware
* [RSP Vector Instructions](https://emudev.org/2020/03/28/RSP.html) - Detailed information on how vector opcodes work
* [RCP Documentation](https://dragonminded.com/n64dev/Reality%20Coprocessor.pdf) - Nice reference for a subset of RDP functionality
* [RDP Triangle Command Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17ddEo61V0suXbSkKP5mY97QxgUnB-QfAjuBIsPiLWko) - Covers everything related to RDP triangles
* [N64 bilinear filter (3-point)](https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Ws2fWV) - Reference implementation of the N64's texture filter
* [dgb-n64](https://github.com/Dillonb/n64) - Provides details of the FLASH interface, since it isn't documented
* Hardware tests - I'll probably be testing things myself as I go along

### Other Links
* [Hydra's Lair](https://hydr8gon.github.io) - Blog where I may or may not write about things
* [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/JbNz7y4) - Place to chat about my projects and stuff
